229--proj1
==========

1) Steven Monson - 978378401

2) The overall structure is called image. It holds an int for width, an int for height, and a double indexed array of a struct called pixels.
The pixel struct holds 4 unsigned chars, one for red, green, blue, and alpha. 

3) openFile - If an image file to be open cannot be found the program promts the user to enter in another string until it's a file that can be opened.
bw - If the number of arguments isn't 3 the program prints to try again and terminates.
crop - If the number of arguments isn't 7 the program prints to try again and terminates. If x or y is negative the program prompts the user to enter a valid argument. If the width or height would go past the original boundries of the image the image simply stops at the end of the original picture (prevents segfaults).
colorshift - If the number of arguments isn't 4 the program prints to try again and terminates. If the patern is unknown it prints to try again and terminates.
overlay - If the number of arguments isn't 6 the program prints to try again and terminates. If x or y is negative then the program promts the user to enter a valid number. If x or y is outside of the background image it won't be factored into the new image.

4) bw.c - Takes in an image as the 1st argument, turns it black and white, and then saves it to the 2nd argument.
crop.c - Takes in an image as the 1st argument, crops it starting at x,y position given by the 3rd and 4th argument, goes the given width and height given by the 5th and 6th, then saves that to the file given by the 2nd argument.
colorshift.c - Takes in an image as the 1st argument, shifts the colors specified by the 3rd argument, saves it to the file given by the 2nd argument.
overlay.c - Takes in an image as the 2nd argument, it places it on top of the image given by the 1st argument starting at position x,y given by the 4th and 5th argument, then saves to the file given by the 3rd argument
image.c - Has method, newImg, that creates a new blank image of size w by h and creates the memory for it. Has method, freeImg, that frees the memory of the image.
openFile.c - Has method, open, that takes in a string for a file. It reads in the binary data to create an image based on the text in the file.
saveFile.c - Has method, save, that takes in an image and a string for a file. It takes the properties of the image and writes it to the file given.

5) No additional changes

